# Internal Stakeholder feedback

The finance group is responsible for forecasting revenue. That is, how many coverages do we expect to be replaced via our application?  For each transaction we can collect a fee. In instances where a current coverage exists in the application we can assume that it will be replaced on or near it's renewal date. But new brokers that we start relationships with will often tell us what business is upcoming.  They'll reference a line of coverage -- Employer Z's Dental coverage, for example -- and tell us an approximate premium dollar amount.  We don't have all of the contractual details so we don't have a coverage in the application to represent that new business so my team has to maintain a spreadsheet of new business.  We have to combine that with known existing business from the application. We'd love to be able to capture new business -- absent the insurance-y, contract details -- in the application and associate it with a dollar amount so that we can have a single source of truth.
- *Derek, Financial Analysis at ThreeFlow*

2. It's when a product moves from "submitted" to "selected" that I get excited! At that moment the application wraps the product in a coverage period and we've got money to collect! The more we can drive our broker users to keep their decision making up-to-date in the application, the more effectively we can collect revenue.  Otherwise, it's on us to rake through coverages that are past their renewal date and have submitted products.  That tells us that our brokers users either have a decision to make, or have already made a decision that we don't yet know about.  We want to know that decision!
- *Ryan, Account Management Executive at ThreeFlow*

3. The `products` table has been around for as long as I've been here.  Collecting details about an insurance product -- or a proposal for an insurance product -- is central to what we do. The idea of promoting a product to current coverage is relatively new.  Our users wanted a way to quickly see products that actually ended up being a signed deal that was implemented in real life.  It's been a few years since that went live. We've learned a lot about how our users think about coverages since! 
- *Kevin, Software Engineer at ThreeFlow*